Process control systems (PCS), sometimes called industrial control systems (ICS),
function as pieces of equipment along the production line during manufacturing that
test the process in a variety of ways, and return data for monitoring and
troubleshooting. Many types of process control systems exist, including supervisory
control and data acquisition (SCADA), programmable logic controllers (PLC), or
distributed control systems (DCS), and they work to gather and transmit data
obtained during the manufacturing process.
The BF Process control system is the blast furnace control system. A great number of
measurements can be taken on production lines. An equipment's sensor can pick up
many measurements including pressure, flow rate, density, acidity, velocity, speed,
stress, temperature, and weight.
We have created a website for automatically storing the log sheet values of the BF
process control system in the database using -
1) Frontend (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)
2) Middle end (PHP)
3) Backend (Database-Oracle)
HTML -
The Hypertext Mark-up Language or HTML is the standard mark-up language for
documents designed to be displayed in a web browser. It can be assisted by
technologies such as Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) and scripting languages such as
JavaScript. Web browsers receive HTML documents from a web server or from local
storage and render the documents into multimedia web pages. HTML describes the
structure of a web page semantically and originally included cues for the appearance
of the document.
CSS -
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is a style sheet language used for describing the
presentation of a document written in a mark-up language such as HTML.CSS is a
cornerstone technology of the World Wide Web, alongside HTML and JavaScript.
CSS is designed to enable the separation of presentation and content, including
layout, colours, and fonts. This separation can improve content accessibility; provide
more flexibility and control in the specification of presentation characteristics; enable
multiple web pages to share formatting by specifying the relevant CSS in a separate
.css file, which reduces complexity and repetition in the structural content; and enable
the .css file to be cached to improve the page load speed between the pages that share
the file and its formatting.
JavaScript -
JavaScript often abbreviated JS, is a programming language that is one of the core
technologies of the World Wide Web, alongside HTML and CSS. Over 97% of
websites use JavaScript on the client side for web page behaviour, often incorporating
third-party libraries. All major web browsers have a dedicated JavaScript engine to
execute the code on users devices.
PHP -
PHP is a general-purpose scripting language geared towards web development. It was
originally created by Danish-Canadian programmer Rasmus Lerdorfin 1994. The
PHP reference implementation is now produced by The PHP Group. PHP originally
stood for Personal Home Page, but it now stands for the recursive initialise PHP:
Hypertext Pre-processor. PHP code is usually processed on a web server by a PHP
interpreter implemented as a module, a daemon or as a Common Gateway Interface
(CGI) executable. On a web server, the result of the interpreted and executed PHP
code - which may be any type of data, such as generated HTML or binary image data
- would form the whole or part of an HTTP response. Various web template systems,
web content management systems, and web frameworks exist which can be employed
to orchestrate or facilitate the generation of that response. Additionally, PHP can b
used for many programming tasks outside the web context, such as standalone
graphical
